Warn of SpatialAverager error over large region and densify polygons (#293)
pangeo-data/xESMF: CHANGES.rst

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Added a check in SpatialAverager that warns user if they are using large polys that could cause errors. By `Charles Gauthier <https://github.com/charlesgauthier-udm>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a check in SpatialAverager that warns user if they are using polygons with long segments that could cause errors. By `Charles Gauthier <https://github.com/charlesgauthier-udm>`_
```
